OSDOCS-11565: 4.14.34 rn (#80133)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

[id="ocp-4-14-34_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:4960 - {product-title} 4.14.34 bug fix and security update

> Issued: 08 August 2024

Reviewer: I don't think you'd want the "0" in front here

```suggestion
Issued: 8 August 2024
```

{product-title} release 4.14.34, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:4960[RHSA-2024:4960] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:4963[RHSA-2024:4963] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.14.34 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-14-34-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Enhancements

[id="ocp-4-14-34-timeout-ingress_{context}"]
===== Adding connectTimeout tuning option to Ingress Controller API

> * The IngressController API is updated with a new tuning option, `ingresscontroller.spec.tuningOptions.connectTimeout`, which defines how long the router will wait for a response when establishing a connection to a backend server. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36555[*OCPBUGS-36555*])

Reviewer: Suggestions to avoid future tense and hyphenate "back-end" when it's an adjective, per the ISG

```suggestion
* The IngressController API is updated with a new tuning option, `ingresscontroller.spec.tuningOptions.connectTimeout`, which defines how long the router waits for a response when establishing a connection to a back-end server. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36555[*OCPBUGS-36555*])
```

[id="ocp-4-14-34-insights-operator-collecting-prometheus-alertmanager_{context}"]
===== Collecting Prometheus and AlertManager resources with the Insights Operator

> * The Insights Operator (IO) now collects the `Prometheus` and `AlertManager` resources in addition to the `openshift-monitoring` custom resource. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36380[*OCPBUGS-36380*])

Reviewer: I don't think I've ever seen this operator abbreviated as "IO", so I'd recommend removing that

I also don't think that it's right to say that "openshift-monitoring" is a custom resource. Custom resources are usually styled in pascal case, like "AlertManager".

"openshift-monitoring" looks like it's probably a namespace. After looking at the bug, perhaps this would be more accurate?

```suggestion
* The Insights Operator now collects the `Prometheus` and `AlertManager` resources outside of the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36380[*OCPBUGS-36380*])
```

[id="ocp-4-14-34-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, AWS HyperShift clusters leveraged their VPC's primary CIDR range to generate security group rules on the data plane. As a result, installing AWS HyperShift clusters into an AWS VPC with multiple CIDR ranges could cause the generated security group rules to be insufficient. With this update, security group rules are generated based on the provided Machine CIDR range instead to resolve this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36159[*OCPBUGS-36159*])

> * Previously, when a pod specified a node selector with no matching nodes, the kube-scheduler panicked with the following error: _Observed a panic: integer divide by zero_. With this release, the issue in the kube-scheduler code base is resolved, and the kube-scheduler no longer panics when a pod specifies a node selector with no matching nodes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36397[*OCPBUGS-36397*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when a pod specified a node selector with no matching nodes, the Kubernetes scheduler panicked with the following error: "Observed a panic: integer divide by zero". With this release, the issue in the Kubernetes scheduler code base is resolved, and the Kubernetes scheduler no longer panics when a pod specifies a node selector with no matching nodes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36397[*OCPBUGS-36397*])
```

> * Previously, installing an Operator could sometimes fail if the same Operator had been previously installed and uninstalled. This was due to a caching issue. With this release, {olm} is updated to install the Operator correctly in this scenario and the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36452[*OCPBUGS-36452*])

Reviewer: {olm} isn't replacing properly

> * Previously, the Ingress Operator could not successfully update the canary route because the Operator did not have permission to update `spec.host` or `spec.subdomain` on an existing route. With this release, the required permission is added to the cluster role for the Operator's ServiceAccount and the Ingress Operator can update the canary route. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36467[*OCPBUGS-36467*])

Reviewer: Per our guidelines on API objects, you can lowercase when talking generically about things like service accounts: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting

If you need to literally talk about a `ServiceAccount` object/resource, then you'd need to put it in backticks (and say "object" or "resource" after it.

```suggestion
* Previously, the Ingress Operator could not successfully update the canary route because the Operator did not have permission to update `spec.host` or `spec.subdomain` on an existing route. With this release, the required permission is added to the cluster role for the Operator's service account and the Ingress Operator can update the canary route. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36467[*OCPBUGS-36467*])
```

* Previously, when the OVN-Kubernetes setting for routing-via-host was set to the default value of shared gateway mode, OVN-Kubernetes did not correctly handle traffic streams that mixed non-fragmented and fragmented packets from the IP layer on cluster ingress.  With this release, OVN-Kubernetes correctly reassembles and handles external traffic IP packet fragments when ingressing and the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36554[*OCPBUGS-36554*])

> * Previously, in Amazon Web Services (AWS) security token service (STS), Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) checked `awsSTSIAMRoleARN` in `CredentialsRequest` to create the secret. When `awsSTSIAMRoleARN` was not present, CCO logged the error. With this release, CCO no longer logs the error and the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36716[*OCPBUGS-36716*])

Reviewer: I don't think we've mentioned an error yet, so should it say "an" error?

```suggestion
* Previously, in Amazon Web Services (AWS) security token service (STS), Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) checked `awsSTSIAMRoleARN` in `CredentialsRequest` to create the secret. When `awsSTSIAMRoleARN` was not present, CCO logged an error. With this release, CCO no longer logs the error and the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36716[*OCPBUGS-36716*])
```

* Previously, the Open vSwitch (OVS) pinning procedure set the CPU affinity of the main thread, but other CPU threads did not pick up this affinity if they had already been created. As a consequence, some OVS threads did not run on the correct CPU set and could interfere with the performance of pods with a Quality of Service (QoS) class of `Guaranteed`. With this update, the OVS pinning procedure updates the affinity of each OVS thread, ensuring that all OVS threads run on the correct CPU set. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-37197[*OCPBUGS-37197*])

[id="ocp-4-14-34-known-issue_{context}"]
==== Known issues

> * On clusters with the SR-IOV Network Operator installed and configured, pods with a secondary interface of SRI-OV VF will fail to create a pod sandbox and thus will not function. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-38091[*OCPBUGS-38091*])

Reviewer: Suggestion to get rid of a bit of future tense. Could maybe do more, but here's at least a bit

```suggestion
* On clusters with the SR-IOV Network Operator installed and configured, pods with a secondary interface of SRI-OV VF fail to create a pod sandbox and will not function. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-38091[*OCPBUGS-38091*])
```
